Building an Audience - info on selection to Include Anonymous Users (#4658)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/engage/audiences/index.md

![Creating an Engage Audience from the conditions list](/docs/engage/images/audience_condition_list.png)

> There's also the option to _Include Anonymous Users_, which are profiles that only have anonymousIds. When this option is not selected, users who have a userId, email address, android.idfa, or ios.idfa are considered known users and thus included in the audience by default. The option to select _Include Anonymous Users_ is only available upon the initial creation of the audience and cannot be changed by an edit post-creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's also the option to **Include Anonymous Users**, which are profiles that only have `anonymousIds`. When this option is not selected, users who have a `userId`, `email address`, `android.idfa`, or `ios.idfa` are considered known users and included in the audience by default. The option to select **Include Anonymous Users** is only available upon the initial creation of the audience and can't be changed post-creation.
```
